Now that we have a topic with one subscription,
any message published to that topic will be sent to the subscriber.
I've prepared some of what you need to do this.
We just need to implement a publish function.
In your code editor, navigate to the lib/data/lib folder,
and open the sns.js file.
This files exports a publish function that is used by that same
simulation file that we modified in the last module.
Let's get started completing this file by adding your region on line 3.
The next change in on line 6 where you should paste
the ARN of the topic we created.
You may still have it in your clipboard,
but if not, go to your command line and copy it from the createTopic output.
Now let's implement this publish function.
Create a params const object on the first line here.
Just like the topic creation and subscription,
there aren't many properties required.
The first will be TopicArn,
which you can give the value of the TOPIC_ARN const that you configured above.
The next property is Message, which you can set to be the msg function argument.
With our parameters set, let's publish out the message.
Inside the Promise below, call sns.publish,
passing in params as the first argument and a callback function
with err and data arguments as the second.
If there's an err object, then call reject and pass it in; otherwise,
call resolve with the data argument.
That's all the changes we need to complete adding
SNS functionality to our demo app.
Now in the next clip, we're going to configure a CloudWatch alarm to keep our application safe.